Add LIP "Define schema and use generic serialization for blocks" (#50)
LiskHQ/lips: proposals/lip-define-serialization-blocks.md

```
LIP: <LIP number>
Title: Define schema and use generic serialization for blocks 
Author: Alessandro Ricottone <alessandro.ricottone@lightcurve.io>
Type: Standards Track
Created: <YYYY-MM-DD>
Updated: <YYYY-MM-DD>
Requires: 0027
```

## Abstract

> This LIP defines how the generic serialization defined in [LIP 0027 "A generic, deterministic and size efficient serialization method"][generic-serialization] is applied to blocks by specifying the appropriate JSON schema. We restructure the block header and introduce the block asset property, storing properties specific to the corresponding chain. We further specify the block-asset schema for the Lisk mainchain.

Author: ```suggestion
This LIP defines how the generic serialization defined in [LIP 0027][generic-serialization] is applied to blocks by specifying the appropriate JSON schema. We restructure the block header and introduce the block asset property, storing properties specific to the corresponding chain. We further specify the block-asset schema for the Lisk mainchain.
```

Some properties that are part of the [block header in the current protocol](#appendix-a-block-schema-in-the-current-protocol) will be removed:

1. `id`: The block ID. This value can be obtained from the SHA-256 hash of the serialized block header.
2. `numberOfTransactions`: The number of transactions in the payload. This value can be inferred from the payload. 
3. `totalAmount`: The amount of tokens transferred with the transactions included in the block. This value can be inferred from the transactions included in the payload.
4. `totalFee`:  The sum of the fees associated with the transactions included in the block. This value can be inferred from the transactions included in the payload.
5. `payloadHash`: The SHA-256 hash of the block payload. After the implementation of [LIP 0032 "Replace payloadHash with Merkle tree root in block header"][replace-payloadhash], this value is replaced by the `transactionRoot`.
6. `payloadLength`: The length in bytes of the payload. This value can be inferred from the payload.

## Specification

### `block` Schema

![alt_text](lip-define-schema-and-use-generic-serialization-for-blocks/block_schema.png "image_tooltip") 

> _A schematic of the block-serialization structure. The block header is serialized according to the <code>blockHeader</code> schema. The <code>payload</code> is an array of transactions, serialized according to the method described in [LIP0028][transactions-serialization]._

Author: ```suggestion
_A schematic of the block-serialization structure. The block header is serialized according to the <code>blockHeader</code> schema. The <code>payload</code> is an array of transactions, serialized according to the method described in [LIP 0028][transactions-serialization]._
```

The `block` schema is used to serialize blocks, for example before transmitting them to peers in the P2P layer.

The `block` schema contains 2 properties: 

1. `header`: The serialized block header. Its serialization is specified by the `blockHeader` schema.

> 2. `payload`: The block payload, containing all transactions included in the block, serialized according to [LIP0028][transactions-serialization].

Author: ```suggestion
2. `payload`: The block payload, containing all transactions included in the block, serialized according to [LIP 0028][transactions-serialization].
```

#### Serialization

Consider a data structure `blockData` to be serialized, representing a valid block according to the Lisk protocol. The serialization procedure is done in 3 steps:

> 1. Each transaction `trs` in the block payload `blockData.payload` is serialized according to the method described in [LIP0028][transactions-serialization]. The resulting bytes replace the original `trs` in the payload.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Each transaction `trs` in the block payload `blockData.payload` is serialized according to the method described in [LIP 0028][transactions-serialization]. The resulting bytes replace the original `trs` in the payload.
```

2. The block header `blockData.header` is serialized using the [method described below](#serialization-1), and the resulting bytes replace the original value in `blockData`.
3. `blockData` is serialized according to the `block` schema.

#### Deserialization

Consider a binary message `blockMsg` to be deserialized. The deserialization procedure is done in 3 steps:

1. `blockMsg` is deserialized according to the `block` schema.

> 2. Each transaction in the block payload `block.payload` is deserialized using the method defined in [LIP0028][transactions-serialization].

Author: ```suggestion
2. Each transaction in the block payload `block.payload` is deserialized using the method defined in [LIP 0028][transactions-serialization].
```
